## Take Action for Open:  An Action Kit for Participating in OA Week 2017
:sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake::sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake::sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake::sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake::sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake::sparkling_heart::fireworks::heart_eyes_cat::star::heart::snake:

The Open Action Kit is a set of monthly resources designed to help you partipcate in OA Week 2017 and demonstrate all the ways that Open is making a difference!

**Does the prospect of organizing something for OA Week fill you with deep seated terror of even low lying anxiety?**  

Never fear, we're compiling a bunch of resources and tooks to help everyone, from novices to veterans!  We're here to help you **get inspired, connect with each other, make a plan, run a successful action, and tell the story of your success**.  Sound good, we thought so too.

**The toolkit will include monthly communications and resources that address the following themes:**  

* Exploring and choosing your action
* Crafting your message and inspiring engagement
* Getting to the finish line and connecting with other champions
* Telling the story of your efforts and success

So, what will you find in this repository and how can you participate?  Read on for a walkthrough of our project documentation, our Code of Conduct, and details on how to contribute.

### Project Documentation:
:star: **Website**

You can find our website, which is generated by GitHub Pages, here: https://sparcopen.github.io/Open-Action-Kit/
Edits are encouraged!  All of the website content is located in the [**docs**](https://github.com/sparcopen/Open-Action-Kit/tree/master/docs) folder in our repository's root directly.  

:star: **Monthly Resources**

Want to grab, remix, or redistribute the monthly communications and resources we're compling for this project?  Head on over to the [**monthly_deliverables**](https://github.com/sparcopen/Open-Action-Kit/tree/master/monthly_deliverables) folder in the root directly.

:star: **Meeting Notes**

The [**organizing team**](https://sparcopen.github.io/Open-Action-Kit/team) meets bi-weekly.  All of our meeting notes are located in the [**meeting_notes**](https://github.com/sparcopen/Open-Action-Kit/tree/master/meeting_notes) folder in our repository's root directory.

### Code of Conduct:
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [**OpenCon Code of Conduct**](https://github.com/sparcopen/opencon/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.MD). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.  

### Contributing:
The Open Action Kit is a community driven project and we want to know about your experience, ideas for advancing openness, and the resources you're using in your work!:fireworks:

Please review the [**contributing guidelines**](https://github.com/sparcopen/Open-Action-Kit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started, and thanks for taking the time to contribute! 

### License: 






